hi this is Dimitri from prime motoring
demonstrating Sonax full effect wheel
cleaner
spray on liberally
and then you let it sit once the sonnax
begins to react with the brake dust
you'll see it turn blood red at that
point we will agitate with the wheel
brush and eventually spray it rinse it
off with water and be left with a clean
wheel face give it some time as you see
on the brake rotor already it's
beginning to turn blood red well over
time you will notice that the face takes
a little more time the face will begin
to turn blood red and it will begin to
jerk off there and this is also very
safe for polished raw aluminum wheels
wheels of all colors painted
powder-coated anodized and om finishes
see now that it's turned blood-red
had to take with lightly with a brush
preferably boars hair
heavily swelled wheels will obviously
require
additional spray
for being a break outburst
and our ribs
after this I would dry with a wheel
waffle weave drying towel and seal with
your favorite seon and be done there you
go
so next full effect wheel cleaner